README.md, before:

[![Itsy Bitsy Data Structures](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/952783/21579289/5754b03a-cf75-11e6-976c-f67a271aedaa.png)](itsy-bitsy-data-structures.js)

***Welcome to Itsy Bitsy Data Structures!***

In here are super simplified examples of many of the common data structures
written in easy to read ~~JavaScript~~ **Java**.

Reading through the guided code will help you learn about what data structures
are, what their uses are, and how to discuss them.

Again, this code requires you to **gasp** _Think_.

### [Want to jump into the code? Click here](itsy-bitsy-data-structures.java)

Also be sure to check out Jamie's other code walkthrough:
[The Super Tiny Compiler](https://github.com/thejameskyle/the-super-tiny-compiler)
(which Kristofer also transliterated to Java, cf. [xxx]())

---

### Why should I care?

Data Structures might not be the juiciest topic in the world, but they are
hugely important to growing as an engineer. Knowing data structures don't just
make your programs faster and more efficient, but they help you organize your
code and your thoughts so that you can build more complicated programs without
a ton of mental overhead.

### But data structures are scary!

Yeah, lots of computer science topics are intimidating, and that's largely a
fault of how they are taught. In this we're going to do a high level pass over
a lot of the key things you need to know in order to dive into them deeper.
It's more about introducing you to the shared language of data structures.

### Okay so where do I begin?

Awesome! Head on over to the
[Java Source](itsybitsydatastructures/src/main/java/rocks/zipcode/ItsyBitsy) directory.

---

[![cc-by-4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by/4.0/80x15.png)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

Commit message:

all but two tests fail (yay)

README.md, after:

[![Itsy Bitsy Data Structures](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/952783/21579289/5754b03a-cf75-11e6-976c-f67a271aedaa.png)](itsy-bitsy-data-structures.js)

***Welcome to Itsy Bitsy Data Structures!***

In here are super simplified examples of many of the common data structures
written in easy to read ~~JavaScript~~ **Java**.

Reading through the guided code will help you learn about what data structures
are, what their uses are, and how to discuss them.

Again, this code requires you to **gasp** _Think_.

Basically, you should write some unit tests, proving to yourself amd me that the codes as expected.


### [Want to jump into the code? Click here](src/main/java/rocks/zipcode/ItsyBitsy/README.md)

Also be sure to check out Jamie's other code walkthrough:
[The Super Tiny Compiler](https://github.com/thejameskyle/the-super-tiny-compiler)
(which Kristofer also transliterated to Java, cf. [Snowman](https://github.com/xt0fer/the-super-tiny-compiler-java.git))

---

### Why should I care?

Data Structures might not be the juiciest topic in the world, but they are
hugely important to growing as an engineer. Knowing data structures don't just
make your programs faster and more efficient, but they help you organize your
code and your thoughts so that you can build more complicated programs without
a ton of mental overhead.

### But data structures are scary!

Yeah, lots of computer science topics are intimidating, and that's largely a
fault of how they are taught. In this we're going to do a high level pass over
a lot of the key things you need to know in order to dive into them deeper.
It's more about introducing you to the shared language of data structures.

### Okay so where do I begin?

Awesome! Head on over to the
[Java Source](itsybitsydatastructures/src/main/java/rocks/zipcode/ItsyBitsy) directory.

---

[![cc-by-4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by/4.0/80x15.png)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
